Dou collector missing events (#25828)
demisto/content: Packs/DuoAdminApi/ReleaseNotes/3_2_10.md

#### Integrations

##### Duo Event Collector

> - Fixed an issue caused by updating the last_run before sending events to XSIAM. This may lead to loss of events upon a failuer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a rare issue where events were missing, caused by a failed creation of events in XSIAM. In the future, in cases where events fail to be created, they will be fetched again on the next run.
```
